I am a mom, and there's only one thing that I'm afraid of.
And that's the people in elected office
taking away my rights.
I'm not afraid of the crook that's gonna come to my door
because if my dogs don't get them, I will.
And it's my job to defend myself.
It's not your job to protect me.
It's not your job to defend me.
It's your job to protect the Constitution
and protect my rights to defend myself.
8-1-1-0
Broadcast 5
You're a bunker, high and top mount.
It's all heading towards a fascist totalitarian state.
It's radio. That's delivering the truth.
AK-47's belong in the hands of soldiers, not the hands of brothers.
The problem is they don't get to determine what is right and wrong in the process.
It's all done by the central government.
And here's Hall Press Press and agenda 21 radio.
We should be okay, I think, here.
Yes?
Thank you for joining me.
To agenda 21 radio, this is the radio show that is stopping totalitarianism.
One exceptional American at a time.
And yes, ladies and gentlemen, are you that exceptional American?
Well, I suspect you are.
That's why you're listening to this radio show right here, right now, on agenda 21 radio.
Remember to visit our website at 821r.com
and new California State.com.
Many thanks to Chris Street in the last hour explaining what's going on
with inflation and, of course, it's here and what's going to be happening in the future.
The future is grim and dark, but it's necessary.
And I think that's the most important thing.
The hopeful word is that this period of time that we're going to go through economically in this country,
and especially out here in California because, you know, making a new state is paramount to this whole process.
I know it sounds a little odd, doesn't it?
But the economy has to crash before we can rise up.
And, of course, that's exactly what we're positioning ourselves to do right now in the new state.
And we're going to be sending delegates to Washington again.
It looks like the one that Lisa's going to go back here in the next month and maybe more after that.
We're kind of having to play a little tight game on this right now.
We wanted to be in there in January, February.
But because of circumstances with an impeachment and all the other crazy stuff that's going on,
we felt the best interest that we're going to be a little bit more judicious about when we send people.
It's very expensive, as you know, to send people to Washington to lobby on our behalf.
But things are lining up.
They are absolutely lining up exactly as we thought they would at this point in time.
So we think that statehood is eminent for new California state.
Well, with this right now is somebody that's going to be a very interesting discussion.
Another science person.
I can't imagine that because I'm a science guy myself.
But J. J. Cooey, I think I'm pronouncing that name correct.
So am I doing that?
Oh, my goodness.
I didn't know I was going to be on view here that I'm going to switch this off my fault.
We're going to put that off then.
So tell us a little bit about yourself because you have a science background.
Right.
Pretty intense science background on my dad, which is really wonderful to see.
And we seem to be, well, science minded.
I'm a biologist myself and taught biological sciences for years and anatomy, physiology,
genetics, virology, and all that stuff.
Botany is one of my big favorites.
New world cultivars, actually.
So when people started talking about the dairy and gap and all this invasion, I cringe at
what's going on with the flora and fauna down there.
But anyway, tell us about yourself because I'm very happy to have you on the show.
Well, I'm very happy to be here.
I hope you can hear me.
Okay.
My feedback.
Great.
Okay, great.
I am a lifelong biologist.
I'm a guy who wanted to go to med school when I was a teenager.
If you ever, I don't know if you ever did that where you suggested to friends and family,
you might want to be a doctor.
That's the best answer you can give once you start.
There you go.
So once you start giving that answer, you know, you can't change your mind and say you
want to be a bartender.
So I kind of went all full bore.
I went med pre med and I was on a waiting list in Chicago medical schools for a few years.
And while I was on the waiting list, I was a high school teacher.
And I really loved teaching high school.
And it kind of broke me away from this pursuit of med school because I was also a bartender.
I'm going to tell you the long story really short.
And as a bartender, I started to make more money than I was as a teacher.
So I started just bartend for a little while and that didn't work out.
I lost that job for a silly reason.
And I went back into the Chicago Tribune to find a job and I got a job as a technician in a
laboratory at the University of Chicago where a really kind man taught me a bunch of stuff
on how to use a microscope and surgery and other things and enabled me to pick myself
back up so to speak and reorganize what I wanted to do with my life.
And I went and did my PhD in the Netherlands with somebody that I met while I was working
at the University of Chicago.
So after being in the Netherlands for about eight years, I met my wife.
We moved following my career to Norway where I worked for a few years.
Then I moved back to the Netherlands where I was still a neurobiologist there trying to
get tenure and I didn't get enough grant money.
So then in 2016, this was about 15 years into my career.
My family and I moved from Holland to Pittsburgh and just in time to see Trump get elected.
And so we watched and tried to figure out, you know, where my home country went.
I mean, I'd been gone for about 14 years and I lived in Wisconsin and Chicago.
And when I came back, it was a pretty different place.
And when the pandemic started, I just, I found myself confused by it, I guess.
I found it myself confused by a number of things that everybody took for granted that everybody
believed.
And so my decision was, I just going to learn this, I guess.
I'm just going to download the papers.
I mean, I'm working at a med school.
I might as well just, you know, use the library and see if I can figure out what we're talking
about here and within three or four weeks.
I had figured out that the story of everybody on TV worrying about whether we could develop
immunity to a novel virus or even the idea that there was a novel virus already seemed to go
against most of the stuff that was in the textbooks before 2020.
And so as I started to ask faculty members at the University of Pittsburgh and talk to faculty
members about this stuff, I got a lot of pushback, mostly from people who didn't think that what
I was reading could possibly be right because it wasn't my area of expertise.
And so I started to do journal clubs on my bike and I put them on YouTube and I tried
to encourage faculty members to watch them and they wouldn't watch them.
And at some moment, I got asked not to come in anymore because the faculty had decided
that I was a danger because I wasn't taking my temperature every day and I wasn't wearing
a mask in my office.
And so I had eight months left in my contract.
They didn't actually fire me.
They just made it very impossible for me to continue my career.
All my papers stopped, all my work stopped, my research stopped, my supervision of students
stopped, everything stopped.
And so there's no way to move on in the university system and get another job if there's no one
giving you a recommendation or anything like that.
So I did the only thing I thought I could do, which was I just started teaching immunology
online and started shaking a can on the internet hoping that I could raise enough money to keep
my family alive.
And it sounds pretty dramatic, but that was my only plan.
I didn't know what else to do because I really felt like I had seen an alien and no one else
saw it.
So I had to explain it to everybody that there was something incongruent here.
And so I spent about a year being supported by just people on the internet until Robert
F. Kennedy Jr.
called me and asked me to help him write his book, the Wuhan cover up.
And so I did a lot of fact checking in that book and making sure that the citations that
he was using were the correct citations and said what he was trying to say with them and
had a lot of back and forth about the biology and a lot of the biology that I'm teaching
now is actually in the book in the form of quotes of my own.
And so that's really very happy.
It was a very happy point in my life, but continuing to push forward with my understanding of this,
it's become very clear to me in a long story short that we were tricked over an elaborate
theater over the last four years, but especially in 2020 and 2021, we were tricked into thinking
that there was a cover up happening.
And we were supposed to buy into this elaborate theater of redacted emails and slack messages
and arguments in front of Congress about who's telling the truth.
This was all an elaborate theater to get the left and the right to think that they were
involved in solving a mystery about a novel virus.
And this, by solving this mystery, has gotten the entire world to accept that there was a
novel virus, that there was a pandemic, had had nothing to do with stupidity and lies,
and that we should teach this mythology to our children.
And I'm really trying hard to help people push back against this because if we teach this
to our children, it's a mythology that they'll never be able to escape from.
Oh, I totally agree.
You know, I was, you know, quite fascinated by the 201 project.
I'm sure you're aware of that, John Hobbs University.
And when that was going down, I said to myself, this was, I think, October, November, in 2019.
Correct.
And I was watching it and kind of tuning in every once in a while.
During my spare time.
And I'm sending myself, what are they setting up here?
What the pieces weren't fitting, you know, that it was too soon.
And then December, I got, December, 2019, I got sick with it.
And now I had, just to give you my background, at age 26, I had the mumps.
I got the mumps.
At age 36, I got chicken pox.
Adult chicken pox.
Oh, wow.
That's supposed to be heavy when you're an adult.
That year, I was one of two people who got it in Orange County, California, back this is in the 80s.
And I was one of two people who got it as an adult.
And the other person died.
There was a person in Prescott, Arizona, who had it, a female.
She was pregnant.
She died.
Everybody I knew that had it died.
Except me, but I struggled really violently.
I struggled for, you know, for a good 30 days before recovery started.
But in that whole process, so I have a real taste of what viruses feel like in my body.
Right.
I get that.
And when I contracted this at the time, it was like the flu coming on with a cold, but it was completely different in terms of how it was progressing through my body.
I just could sense it.
And then, of course, the whole, all the symptoms started to settle in.
I said, this is something that's not natural.
It just, it just came to me.
It was something that was not natural.
And, of course, I started, you know, taking care of myself.
I just got Ivermectin and I started taking zinc and everything like that and a quinine.
And I started to recover, but it was very, very difficult.
But then they came out with this whole thing.
I think it was in February or March.
Maybe it was March.
The whole John Hopkins scenario came out and I said, wait a minute here.
You know, they started out with that big map with all the blood drops on it.
I said, this completely contrived thing.
Completely.
Can you say again, when were you sick like this?
It was in 2019?
Well, I started December, 2019.
I was one of the early cases that nobody knew about.
And then by January, I had gone through the whole cycle.
And it really did not know what to do with myself because I was so sick at times, but,
you know, it survived it.
But then, you know, then when we saw that John Hopkins information coming out and they started
exercising the exercise of the 201 project, I said to myself, completely contrived by
the World Health Organization and the United Nations.
And I called it a hoax from day one, I called it a hoax.
And what you're talking about now is we can't perpetuate the hoax.
I think that's what I'm talking about indeed.
And I think we can't underestimate how much of a role policy change and sort of an illusion
of consensus in the mainstream media and on social media that there was something that could
be an extended global danger that caused everybody to behave in such a way.
I mean, we just don't, we don't have a very good accounting of what actually happened
because we haven't treated it like a crime scene yet.
We're treating it like an emergency that doesn't need to be retrospectively inspected,
but it really does.
We need to go back and treat it like a crime scene.
Nothing is normal.
Nothing is normal in this process.
So, you know, normal minute and I'm not a medical person or doctor or anything like that.
I did teach anatomy physiology though, but in a normal process of investigation to solve
the problems following the scientific method, what a concept, you know, that you get results
and you do, you can study those results objectively.
No one's looking for any kind of process to investigate or to follow through because
it's a crime.
This is criminal behavior in that criminal behavior from the World Health Organization
all the way down to your many of your doctors.
And we were talking to one of our guests a couple of days ago and she was talking about
how the curriculums have been changed in medical schools.
So much of physiology isn't even taught.
Yeah.
I mean, not.
I can't want physiology in a medical school.
I can't, I can't verify that from personal experience, but it's, it's, it would be my.
It would be far.
It would not surprise me.
Let me say it like that.
We, we, we have medical schools that teach very, very, very poor immunology.
We have medical schools that basically don't teach anything about,
about the function of immunology in the context of nutrition.
We don't.
There's a whole host of, of basic failures that, that allopathic medicine and.
I mean, everyone kind of acknowledges it now, but, but it only has a result of the pandemic.
It's kind of frustrating.
I'm, I'm still trying to sort out.
The people like you who have this story of an intense sickness where.
When it occurred and how it occurred and there, and they're sort of figuring it into the, the whole pandemic because I think it's very tempting.
When the media, social media, mainstream media cues up a consensus about something.
It's very tempting to then.
Attribute an experience to that, to that idea.
And so I, my challenge to anybody who claims to have been very sick and I don't mean to.
Say this in an antagonizing way, but I want you to very carefully think as hard as you can.
About how much you can remember about any other time that you've been sick in your life.
And, and think about how because all the other times you've been sick in your life, you've been trying to tough it out.
And you didn't want, maybe you didn't even want people to know you were sick.
Maybe you couldn't tell them because you had to go to work.
Maybe these, these sicknesses that we have on our record are all forgotten.
And people put this one last year of 19 and 20 into a special context because it is in a special context according to all the people around us.
But only because we take it into that special context. I think there are so many people that say, wow, I also had it.
And we have to be very careful because there are, we come from America where you use your sick days for vacation and you go to work when you're sick.
For me, it's hard to take that seriously when I know as an American before 2020, I didn't remember anytime I was sick because I worked through it and I, I tried not to be sick.
And suddenly in 2020 we all pivoted to, oh, we got to be very careful. And if we're sick, we better do something about it.
And that's a very tricky psychological trap that can, can make you think maybe that something is more significant than it was now that all being said.
It sounds like you had a pretty bad sickness that may have stood out from that.
You know, I have seen what I'm trying to say to a lot of people is I have some credentials in terms of bad viral conditions.
I see, you know, the, I come from that perspective and I, I recognize what was happening to my body.
You know, when you go through something like adult chickenpox and you survive it, then your body remembers it.
Yes. You remember it. You remember just about every element of it.
So you can kind of sense when there's a virus, when there's a certain viral condition that you've got or some even bacterial conditions.
In fact, recently, well, not recently, but about six years ago, I had stage five colorectal cancer and I beat it.
Congratulations. Very, very, very lucky.
But I did take chemotherapy and which is what was it what I was planning to do?
But I didn't plan to have the surgery as abruptly as I did, by the way.
But it not changed my physiology quite a bit. You know, I could sense it from that.
But I go back to the training ground of having the chicken pot.
I had it twice. I had it when I was a kid and I got it again. A lot of people don't recognize.
You can get it again. But my point is it was something quite different.
There's no question. And I did not recognize it as any kind of disease I've had before.
It felt different. It felt. I just said contrived is what I thought.
So to me, I thought back, well, you know, I knew a little bit about bio weapons labs.
I do know doing modification. And then I started thinking, Oh, this is the they're now coming after us with, you know, bio weapons.
So how does it how does this stand up with the Wuhan then?
I have to tell you, I think the main thing to to the main message I'd like to give you in this short time that I have is that the bio and you're a biologist, so I want to tempt you with it very quickly.
The biology that they purport to that supports the pandemic is one that can very simply be summarized as a small quantity of RNA existed in Wuhan.
And now there's a much, much, much, much, much larger quantity of descendants of that same RNA molecule, like many, many more.
Obviously, if we believe that all the COVID that they find in the world now with testing is COVID that all descended from Wuhan or all descended from a laboratory leak or a or a spill or a Wuhan market interaction between a pangolin and a raccoon bear,
then any way that you cut that what you're suggesting is something that there is no biological evidence for this ever having occurred before.
RNA molecules don't replicate like that. They don't they don't have the fidelity to do it. They don't have the the machinery to do it.
Nothing about how we've previously tracked coronaviruses could ever support the idea that one is still going around.
The last time this happened, 10,000 people were infected and 800 people died and that was the best we've ever tracked a coronavirus and the most times we've ever claimed to have followed a chain of infection every other time we've done it.
Every other time we've tried to do it, we've gotten to about 10 people, maybe 20 people, the one in the Netherlands in 2009 called NL67.
I think they got 27 kids to show all the same related sequence, but this 15 million sequences that are all related and start at a point.
This is unprecedented on several orders of magnitude. And it's this biology, this biological claim that needs to be attacked because there is there is no there's no basis for this.
And so they're clearly telling us a story. And one of the easiest ways this could be a story is that this background signal was already there.
SARS viruses have always been in circulation and they've characterized this background very well.
And then they very carefully said, okay, now we're going to start testing for it and tell all the skilled TV watchers that it's evidence of spread.
And so are there dangerous viruses? I guess there could be. Could you gotten really sick from dangerous viruses? Sure.
But that's not a situation that necessarily has changed from 2018 to 19 to 20 as much as our monitoring and testing for it and claiming that before we started testing, there was nothing.
And this extraordinary claim also needs extraordinary evidence for which there's none.
So in that scenario, then I think you have to consider the possibility that every biosecurity state, every pharmaceutical company, every major government would be better off.
If the populace accepted this as a standard danger and a standard emergency that will go on forever, even if it wasn't.
And it seems to me very likely that what they've done is established this mythology as a potential and confirmed it with all of this theater and now our children are going to grow up with this.
And we can't allow this because it's not real. There is no RNA molecule that can do what they claim it has done.
Well, that's very, you know, that's very, very interesting. And in other words, and again, what I'm interested in doing is shape shifting the narrative away from the fact that this, this is really a pandemic, as they said.
And, you know, my teaching part of it, I start with, you know, endemics and pandemics.
And, you know, I can say that this clearly wasn't that.
But, you know, the question, though, is what about all these people who took the vaccines?
Oh, and this is, of course, this is part of the reason why I'm sure we're probably on to something here because the, the principle of wanting to shift to transfection as a standard therapeutic.
And it's actually the precursor to personalized medicine.
This was already in the works for at least a decade before the pandemic. This was already a technology that they've been trying to roll out in various places, starting with a dental virus and curing genetic diseases and a guy like Jesse Gelsinger who died of it.
All the way up until the start of the pandemic where, quite frankly, I think it's patently obvious now that the idea was to invoke a sort of worst, worst case scenario so that they could justify the emergency use of this therapeutic.
And then continue to perpetuate the worst case scenario so that as many people as possible would get on board and there would essentially be an insignificant control group.
And since that didn't happen, the damage of the shot is starting to become more and more apparent every day.
So there's a couple of things that that strike me.
And from looking at this whole process as we've gone forward and I'm glad we discussed this whole the treatment.
Because we haven't totally hit it. We've got the vaccine, but we've now the treatment for those people who quote, get have the COVID.
You know, because early on, and this is what we were saying this, this is not a pandemic like we're saying a pandemic is.
Or has it should be because people were being, you know, when they when they pass away.
There was a lot of association with people saying, well, he died of COVID.
Well, we had one of my friends, very good friends.
He had his grandmother pass away and she had had, you know, triple bypass surgery.
She had had heart problems. She was quite elderly.
And when he got the death certificate back and said, she died of COVID virus. Well, it was a heart attack.
You know, and then we found out down from Contra Costa County of all places.
Out here that there was somebody who died of a gunshot wound and they were listed as dying from COVID virus.
And then we started getting.
You get what I'm saying, I definitely do, but I think it's actually a bit more malevolent than the random ones.
The stories of like the guy who died of a gunshot wound or a person in a car accident.
Those stories, I think, are artificially amplified because actually it was intentional that they confounded heart attacks and strokes with COVID.
And they did it especially in places like New York City where they gave EMTs orders not to resuscitate because they might spread the virus.
But what that did was it effectively created more heart attack deaths because they weren't being resuscitated and then those heart attack deaths both because of finances and because they were using a COVID protocol by not resuscitating them.
Therefore, they had to designate them as COVID deaths. Otherwise, they would be liable for not resuscitating them.
So they actually put people into a position where they could avoid any possibility of medical malpractice if they just said this is a COVID death.
And I'm using a COVID protocol, which includes do not resuscitate.
Understand that they knew that when they transfected people, that's what the real name of MRNA in a lipid nanoparticles should have been from the very beginning, a transfection.
And every academic biologist in every medical school in America and around the world that has used transfection in their research should have done known better.
That's why I say it's criminally negligent. There's hundreds of thousands of biologists in America and around the world who could have known that this transfection was not appropriate for healthy humans, and they said nothing.
And so this is something that needs they need to be a held to account for.
But it is really serious because all of the people involved that were calling it an investigational vaccine were just renaming something that had a normal name that was even there are whole websites on every biopharmaceutical product supplier of transfection products.
Up until 2020 included lipofectamine, which is essentially lipid nanoparticles you can make on the bench with a shaker.
So we're this is absurd that they rolled it out as this this was some new suite of technologies has old stuff that we've been using in laboratories in universities for decades on animals from monkeys all the way down to mice.
And every time we use it on them we sacrifice them because we know that after transfecting their brain their immune system will attack it.
So it's a it's to me, that's where I lost my job that's that speaking out about this with people at a university and trying to explain that Bill Gates can't go on TV and claim that transfection is going to work.
You would never use it on your kids. And their answer was always the same. Well, they must have fixed it. I mean, they're not going to use the same stuff.
Listen, Jay. Oh, gosh, this has been a very, very stimulating conversation. I knew 25 minutes wasn't going to be enough.
I got my biology fix for a while. Okay.
You know, and I really appreciate talking to you. And so how did this the book turn out?
The book's pretty good. I gotta say the book.
Yeah, it's good.
This is the book. It's really good because it's got a couple things in it. One of the best things that it's got in it is a crazy paper that was released in 2019.
It was written by Cina Bavari and Alison Totura, who was the last postdoc before the pandemic who worked for Ralph Barrick, and they were both working at US Amrit at the time in 2019.
And they just happened to write a paper that said that there is probably going to be a coronavirus pandemic in the near future.
It's probably going to come out of a bat cave in China. And it's probably going to be very handy to have remdesivir on hand when this happens.
How much insight someone would have to have to write a paper like that in 2019. Just weird. And that's in this book too. It's the only paper that this is the only book about the pandemic that features that paper.
And so that's one of the things I'm very proud of in this book, but there's some biology in here too that's really good that that I've shared with you here too that's in that book as part of the.
Talk about what people said more than a book about what people happened so you.
It's a historic document. I think it's a good book to buy if you're going to buy a book about the pandemic.
Well, awesome. Thank you very much. You're welcome.
Thanks for being with us here. How do we get in contact with you?
I have a website giga ohm biologicals G I G A O H M. It's the very high resistance value. It comes from my old biology work.
And then the last word is biological, but it's all one word giga ohm biological.com and I also am on Twitch and I'm going to be on YouTube on the weekends now again.
I'm teaching biology. So there's a few places to find me. I'm also on Twitter. Thank you very much though for having me on. I really appreciate it.
JJ from where are you at now? I'm in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, actually.
I was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. Oh, wow. That's a snowy place, man. I every time they.
The last time I was there, there was a lake effect snow all over the place.
Well, if you ever need to go home for a homecoming, you know, in April, there's a fully clips that's actually going to go over your Erie.
Oh, right. Very, very good place to see it, actually. Yeah. Thank you very much.
See you. Okay, great, great stuff here on agenda 21 radio. And again, you got the biological fix and I'm happy being able to talk about these kind of things, you know, from the day to day stuff that we always talk about more biology coming at you, you know, from brought to you by the totalitarian
fact that of course, Wuhan and all the things that have gone on with it. This is an excellent interview and I really do want to thank JJ for being with us here on agenda 21 radio.
We got a lot of other things coming up here in the last portion of the show. So stay with us. You're listening to a J agenda 21 radio.
And remember, we are exceptional Americans. We kind of keep telling you that we are exceptional Americans. We'll be right back.
Okay. Well, there it was. I guess I'm going to step out.
Could you hear me? Okay. Was that all right?
Mr. New York or say I couldn't hear my I don't get a good feedback when I'm using my earphones right now, but it was all good.
I'm going to plug you.
Or maybe I just turned it down. Oh, I had it to down to. Okay, good, good, good.
All right, so I'm going to let I'm going to let this go for now. I think I'm going to be on later this afternoon, but I'm not absolutely sure.
And what about the sound is.
What about the noise in the background? Remember, we were talking about that yesterday. Is this okay a little better?
I have the feeling I identified two sources of buzz that I got rid of.
And I'm very excited about that.
Anyway, thank you very much for joining me. I.
It sounds a lot better. That's what I'm talking about. Yes, I'm very excited about it. You're not going to believe what it was.
But I had a couple of effects pedals for my guitar were plugged into the soundboard and.
I didn't have them turned off when they're they were plugged into the USB for power and that was just.
That power was loud and it was feeding back in. You heard the noise yesterday and nothing now. I love it. Thank you very much for the feedback.
Okay, guys, I will see you guys later and thank you very much for joining me. I'm going to play this out just because so many people seem to like it.
But I might not be on again today. Just so you know.
Wow, that was weird though. That dude was talking about.
That dude was I'm going to get off of here before he hears me saying this.
Exit.
Exit Leave studio.
So did you hear him?
He's talking about California's secession. So just in case Homeland Security is still watching.
I don't have any opinions about California's seceding from the union.
And actually I think that's not the solution I would I would advocate for.
So holy cow. I didn't know I was going on that show. So just be sure that you know nobody misconstrues me as thinking that California should break away.
I know there are other people who think it would be great if California broke away.
But I don't understand. I don't even understand that that idea. Aren't they in debt? Like it's Wow.
Anyway.
See you guys.
California is currently insane. Now that could be bad. We could.
I think we can still come together.
I just don't want to be on a list. That's all. I don't want to be on a list.
I think Texas should stay apart of the union. I think Pennsylvania should stay apart of the union. I think California should stay apart of the union.
Yeah. You're going to call me a white nationalist because I believe in Jesus. Then that's fine.
But if you're going to call me a white nationalist because I was on a radio program that wants to secede from the union. That's completely different. Don't do it.
Can I be a white nationalist? I don't think I can be. Wow. Weird. Weird times, man. Weird times. Weird times. I don't get it. But we're going to keep going.